hey guys this is will so I don't know
how many of you have power tools but I
just got a bunch recently to do some
work and I went with Porter Cable
because they were cheap but there are a
bunch of other good ones but problem is
none of the batteries are
interchangeable and further no one
really wants to have two of everything
accorded in a cordless cordless is often
really practical useful obviously for a
drill you want that but it really sucks
when you run out of batteries so I
experimented with plugging in 18 volt
transformers directly into the base here
but obviously you don't want it coming
out when you're using it so lamented
this little gizmo here it's just a
simple adapter but it is cool cuz it
fits right in and it has a perfect pin
out just slide into your normally
cordless tools so it looks like this and
you just push it in like that and I had
this extra 18 volts transformer lying
around now it's only four-and-a-half
amps so that's not that much power but
if you start out slow they will still
run a sawzall and circular saw
before blowing but if you've got a
higher amperage 18 volt adapter you can
use that or potentially they could put
two little ports here and it could run
the running in parallel and add the
average together but yep there you have
it so I'm also thinking about doing an
adapter so that you can plug in a
battery from another company into you
know another company to make an adapter
for these these pin outs but they're
essentially the exact same form factor
and all the batteries for these sorts of
tools but the pin out is different so
that you can't share batteries anyway
let me know your thoughts and if you've
ever had this problem thanks bye